Qing Dynasty, are you okay?
Yun Linlong, what on earth are you doing?
Why are you such a poisonous father? You even poison your own sister.
My dear sister, Wang Yi has forgotten, right?
I am an illegitimate daughter. How could she be his biological sister?
Wang Yi. My sister wants to replace me and join the palace.
Probably out of jealousy, Wang Yi turned his back on me.
You are the replacement. You said before,
He doesn't want to marry. Doesn’t Wang Yi know?
My sister is writing and putting out the fire at home,
She must marry into the royal family. Do I think Wang Yi knows about this?
Wang Yi doesn’t know.
Wang Yi doesn’t know. People like him who don't know how to continue to take things from others.
Our prince will not be married off at all
don't be angry
Isn't my sister angry?
He's interested
None of my business
I can't wait
Immediately repair his prince now
After all, he is your wife and sister
It seems that my sister is in the palace
Is it my brother's illness?
My sister really feels sorry for her
Then thank you sister for your concern.
But I’m not living my life as I want
Pinyou home promotion
I hope my sister’s future life will be as happy and exciting as mine
Wait until my sister becomes the royal concubine
I will definitely come back and visit my sister Qing Chao often.
We don't have to talk to her
I'll take you home
Thank you my father Su Qingyu
Kill my family for their lives
To whom?
The person who will kill you
Thank you in advance for your promise
I judge you if you think so
Can kill me
Do you think I am only one person?
let them go
daily service fee
You actually have two women
I have a letter with the girl
these two women
you choose one
Go to hell for you